Update EIP-1: Clarify when to use `requires` (#5614)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1.md

#### `requires` header

EIPs may have a `requires` header, indicating the EIP numbers that this EIP depends on. If such a dependency exists, this field is required.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Mentioning another EIP within the Specification section automatically creates a dependency. Mentioning another EIP outside of the Specification section does not necessarily create a dependency.
```
My personal preference is this.

Reviewer 2: I think the existing text is fine. We don't need to spoon feed authors.

Reviewer: We need to spoon-feed bots, though. @SamWilsn can decide whether this wording change is valuable or not.

Author: We can keep the general text that @lightclient prefers, and create a rule in `eipw` to enforce @Pandapip1's rule.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer 3: Good. Happy that my poor English helps.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer 3: I support this principle, so long as we also require authors keep Specification as minimum as possible: Leave anything that's rationale, motivation or reference implementations _out of_ Specification section.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Author: EIP-1 doesn't really use RFC 2119 (and related), so I don't really like using the keywords in all caps.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer 3: Just curious, what was our rationale that EIP-1 didn't want to adopt RFC 2119? 
I don't have strong opinion to preserve the cap, but I weakly prefer having a cap make it more obvious it is a rule rather than just a description.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer: > Just curious, what was our rationale that EIP-1 didn't want to adopt RFC 2119?

Readability, most likely. I definitely would support adopting RFC 2119 for EIP-1 though.

> A `requires` dependency is created when the current EIP cannot be understood or implemented without a concept or technical element from another EIP. Merely mentioning another EIP does not necessarily create such a dependency.

Reviewer: > Probably out of scope for this PR though.

~~probably~~ definitely
